yoga moves ms party with the purpose
will be held tomorrow in Troy this
annual event raises funds for the
multiple sclerosis foundation to
directly fund the grant they sponsor for
yoga moves ms to offer therapeutic yoga
to those living with the disease
throughout metro detroit and here to
tell us more about yoga moves ms in the
special event tomorrow is the founder
mindy eisenberg we're so happy to have
you here you brought some beautiful
models doing yoga and is so excited
we're talking about adaptive yoga we are
talking about adaptive yoga which is
essentially like traditional yoga except
the poses are modified so anybody with
any type of movement challenges or we
say abilities can do the pose and
benefit in the same way so we're seeing
our beautiful Yogi's doing some moves
here and there's a chair involved is
that one of those ways we can adapt
exactly we can use props to help move
into the pose so on the right you see
that Linda's benefiting she's get she's
doing a variation on downward facing dog
we call it wall dog and she's using a
chair and Marci is doing the more
traditional pose with on the mat so how
does this affect and help the effects of
MS it helps in the same way it helps
others except with MS sometimes you
might be more contracted or tight or get
spasms and so it helps stretch the spine
stretch the back of the legs and then
people are able to either walk more
easily move more easily sit live life a
little with a little bit more comfort
comfort so yoga something you would kind
of think you would not do with MS right
you would think it would be you would
want to restrict your movement but this
is the opposite actually that's right
anybody with a movement challenge wants
to move that's the whole point we want
to kind of roll up and do nothing but
our students realize that no instead
they help themselves they're empowered
to help themselves feel better that's
fantastic so tell me about this event
we're so excited for it yes we bring in
it first of all it funds our classes and
we have classes all over southeastern
Michigan there's small group classes
with lots of assistance that makes the
class is different so the classes are
more expensive to run and because
insurance is not covering this yet we
need to find a way to
and that's where the fundraiser comes in
and we bring in people from the
neurological community we honor we have
two wonderful honorees this year in
addition to a very inspiring speaker who
will talk about he's a physician but he
also talks about how patients can have
hope and help themselves fantastic a
positive way where is it happening it is
happening at the troy marriott hotel how
can people get involved we need tickets
they can get tickets at the door and
they also can go on my website yoga
moves ms and get tickets that way how
much are tickets tickets are 125 a
beautiful event now for someone at home
who may say this could help me how can
we get in touch with you yoga moves a
mess at org you said that there are
classes all over they different
facilities yes sometimes they're in a
yoga studio sometimes they're in a
church or a synagogue we go we're at
yoga can go anywhere that's the whole
point in tastic alright thank you so
much for all you do and thank you
beautiful Yogi's for joining us this
morning Keenan it's always good yoga
weather right yeah absolutely